Support multiple publishers (#4270)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/next/features/4270--mpmc-pub-sub.md

> The `publish` operator's topic must no longer be unique. Instead, any number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `publish` operator's topic no longer have to be unique. Instead, any number of
```

Reviewer: With "must not" you basically say they can't be unique. Not what you want, I think.

Author: Good point, not sure what I was thinking yesterday while writing this. 😅

pipelines may use the `publish` operator with the same topic. This enables

> multi-producer multi-consumer event routing, where streams of events from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multi-producer, multi-consumer (MPMC) event routing, where streams of events from
```
